my name is Terry Peterson and I'm 54
years young and I'm an extreme mountain
unicyclist on the eve of my 50th
birthday I was gaining weight plus my
cholesterol was a little bit on the high
side I just said to myself I've got to
do something to get myself in shape and
that's what it dawned on me what about
unicycling I've always been drawn to
kind of unusual offbeat things I was
about 10 and I'd see this odd-looking
cycle hanging from the inside of the
bike shop after bringing it up to my
parents several times they finally
decided to buy one for me but after a
year I went on to other things it had
been 40 years since I rode the last time
so it took almost a year to get myself
into good enough condition to where I
could ride for reasonable distance
unlike a bike you have to pedal every
inch of the way you can never coast five
years later I've lost about 30 pounds of
fat my heart my lungs my cholesterol is
better than when I was half my age
sometimes I tell people well it may be
half a bike but it's twice the fun and
about five times the workout I recently
did a 100 mile ride in one day that was
one of the biggest accomplishments I've
ever done he does something that makes
him unique my name is Xavier and my name
is one where the Sanchez brothers and we
own twin spike chef I remember the first
time we walk in the store and he asked
me to fix his a unicycle I thought it
was a joke but he just only this is what
I do what he's doing right now it's
really sweating asked to do something
else that we thought we couldn't I was
riding with some younger riders may be
here in their 20s and one of them said
jokingly hey you know geezer wanted to
try this section right here the name has
become pretty popular and people know me
by that name now you Nagisa
Mountain unicycling was the greatest
thing I could have ever done I believe
in my life I do feel I've reinvented
myself quite dramatically because I
looked in the mirror at you know almost
50 years old and now I feel strong I
feel young this is like my personal
fountain of youth and the way I look at
it I've only just begun